README.md, before:

# SEEDS
Sprout's Exquisitely Executed Design System

- [GitHub Pages](https://sproutsocial.github.io/seeds/)

## Development

We use [Lerna](https://lernajs.io) to manage inter-package dependencies in this monorepo.

### Building Packages

To build SEEDS packages, simply install dependencies by running `yarn` and build packets with `yarn build`.

- `yarn build` - Build packages

### Creating a New Package

SEEDS comes with a generator to scaffold a new package.

- `yarn create-package` - Run a wizard to scaffold out a new package.

Your new package files can be found in `packages/seeds-<packageName>`.

### Committing Changes

We use [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) to automatically update the changelog and decide new version numbers. As such, we need commit messages to follow a consistent format (drawn from [conventional commits](https://conventionalcommits.org/)).

Example commit messages (simply match this pattern and your commit message will be accepted):

- `git commit -m "feat: add seeds-example packet"`
- `git commit -m "fix(seeds-color): fix table layout for green colors" -m "fixes RD-999"`
- `git commit -m "feat(seeds-border): add new 8px border radius token"`
- `git commit -m "docs: update asset file paths"`
- `git commit -m "feat(dependencies): upgrade classnames to 2.2.5"`
- `git commit -m "chore(dependencies): upgrade babel dependencies to latest version"` (chore because they are devDependencies)
- `git commit -m "feat(build): add linting to commit messages"`

Commit message format:

```
type(scope?): subject

body?

footer?
```

`type` is one of the following:

- **fix**: Solves a bug
- **feat**: Adds a new feature
- **build**: Affects the build system or external dependencies
- **docs**: Adds or alters documentation
- **perf**: Improves performance
- **test**: Adds or modifies tests
- **chore**: Other changes that don't modify `src` or `test` files

`scope` is optional but, with few exceptions, should be used for all `feat` and `fix` commits. Common scopes include:

- **[seeds-{Packet Name}]**: Changes to a SEEDS packet
- **dependencies**: Changes to `dependencies` should be `feat`, and `devDependencies` should be `chore`
- **build**: Changes to the build that make significant changes to the published package, should be a `feat` or `fix`

Feel free to suggest additional scope options.

`subject` requirements:

- starts with lower case
- uses the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
- includes motivation for the change and contrasts with previous behavior

`body` is optional and allows for more details to be added

`footer` contains meta-information about pull requests, e.g. "fixes DS-999", referring to a Jira ticket.

### Publishing Package Updates to npm

- Put your PR changes in
- Get approval
- Merge PR
- Pull down latest from `upstream`
- Run `lerna publish`, to publish new packages to npm
- Do `git push upstream master --tags`, to push the new tags to the repo

### Testing packet changes locally

Test any local packet in another project by utilizing [yarn link](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/link/). Below is an example workflow to link `seeds-packets` to `seeds`.

* Navigate to your local copy of any SEEDS packet in a terminal window

  ```shell
  $ cd ~/YourCodeFolder/seeds-packets/seeds-{packet name}
  $ yarn link # only needs to be run once
  $ yarn build
  ```

* Navigate to the folder where you wish to use the packets in your terminal (such as `seeds`) and complete the link

  ```shell
  $ cd ~/YourCodeFolder/seeds
  $ yarn link "@sproutsocial/seeds-{packet name}"
  $ yarn start
  ```

* You can now use any packet from your local instance of SEEDS in your project.

* **When you are done, be sure to unlink SEEDS so you are using the published version of the packets**

  ```
  $ yarn unlink "@sproutsocial/seeds-{packet name}"
  ```

Commit message:

build: add changelog generation to release process

README.md, after:

# SEEDS
Sprout's Exquisitely Executed Design System

- [GitHub Pages](https://sproutsocial.github.io/seeds/)

## Development

We use [Lerna](https://lernajs.io) to manage inter-package dependencies in this monorepo.

### Building Packages

To build SEEDS packages, simply install dependencies by running `yarn` and build packets with `yarn build`.

- `yarn build` - Build packages

### Creating a New Package

SEEDS comes with a generator to scaffold a new package.

- `yarn create-package` - Run a wizard to scaffold out a new package.

Your new package files can be found in `packages/seeds-<packageName>`.

### Committing Changes

We use [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) to automatically update the changelog and decide new version numbers. As such, we need commit messages to follow a consistent format (drawn from [conventional commits](https://conventionalcommits.org/)).

Example commit messages (simply match this pattern and your commit message will be accepted):

- `git commit -m "feat: add seeds-example packet"`
- `git commit -m "fix(seeds-color): fix table layout for green colors" -m "fixes RD-999"`
- `git commit -m "feat(seeds-border): add new 8px border radius token"`
- `git commit -m "docs: update asset file paths"`
- `git commit -m "feat(dependencies): upgrade classnames to 2.2.5"`
- `git commit -m "chore(dependencies): upgrade babel dependencies to latest version"` (chore because they are devDependencies)
- `git commit -m "feat(build): add linting to commit messages"`

Commit message format:

```
type(scope?): subject

body?

footer?
```

`type` is one of the following:

- **fix**: Solves a bug
- **feat**: Adds a new feature
- **build**: Affects the build system or external dependencies
- **docs**: Adds or alters documentation
- **perf**: Improves performance
- **test**: Adds or modifies tests
- **chore**: Other changes that don't modify `src` or `test` files

`scope` is optional but, with few exceptions, should be used for all `feat` and `fix` commits. Common scopes include:

- **[seeds-{Packet Name}]**: Changes to a SEEDS packet
- **dependencies**: Changes to `dependencies` should be `feat`, and `devDependencies` should be `chore`
- **build**: Changes to the build that make significant changes to the published package, should be a `feat` or `fix`

Feel free to suggest additional scope options.

`subject` requirements:

- starts with lower case
- uses the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
- includes motivation for the change and contrasts with previous behavior

`body` is optional and allows for more details to be added

`footer` contains meta-information about pull requests, e.g. "fixes DS-999", referring to a Jira ticket.

### Publishing Package Updates to npm

- Put your PR changes in
- Get approval
- Merge PR
- Pull down latest from `upstream`
- Run `yarn release`, to publish new packages to npm. This will also generate updated changelogs for each packet that has been changed. 

### Testing packet changes locally

Test any local packet in another project by utilizing [yarn link](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/link/). Below is an example workflow to link `seeds-packets` to `seeds`.

* Navigate to your local copy of any SEEDS packet in a terminal window

  ```shell
  $ cd ~/YourCodeFolder/seeds-packets/seeds-{packet name}
  $ yarn link # only needs to be run once
  $ yarn build
  ```

* Navigate to the folder where you wish to use the packets in your terminal (such as `seeds`) and complete the link

  ```shell
  $ cd ~/YourCodeFolder/seeds
  $ yarn link "@sproutsocial/seeds-{packet name}"
  $ yarn start
  ```

* You can now use any packet from your local instance of SEEDS in your project.

* **When you are done, be sure to unlink SEEDS so you are using the published version of the packets**

  ```
  $ yarn unlink "@sproutsocial/seeds-{packet name}"
  ```
