packages/seeds-docs/pages/package.md, before:

---
title: What is a Package?
layout: default
---

<p class="Typography-size--500">
A package is any collection of information, guidelines, code or resources centered around one theme. Packages contain everything you need to successfully style your work.
</p>

<hr>

## Example of a Package

 - Title
 - Overview
 - Examples
	 - Tokens
 - Usage
	 - Best Practices
	 - Content guidelines
	 - Accessibility
 - Resources
	 - Tools
	 - Downloads

### Overview
An overview is a brief summary of the package and it's importance.
 
### Examples
Examples are a demonstration of a theme comprised of imagery or code (tokens).

### Tokens
Tokens are named entities that store visual design attributes. 

Using our typography scale as an example, 'Size 100' is a token that contains the visual design attributes font-size and line-height. 

### Usage
A set of guidelines that help you use the contents of a package successfully in your work. 

Here are some common ways to communicate usage to help you get started:

 - Visual Best Practices
 - Content Best Practices
 - Accessibility Best Practices
 - Dos and Don'ts
 
Imagery can be used to support usage guidelines when appropriate.

### Resources
Assets, tools, or other materials provided as part of a package to improve efficiency and support your everyday workflow.

## Stages
The completion of a package is defined by three stages, Alpha, Beta and Stable. To create a package you must submit at least an overview. Anything published to SEEDS is deemed trustworthy, as it has been peer reviewed and approved by a trusted panel of designers. Below are the different levels of a package's maturity and what they mean.

### Alpha
Exists in SEEDS. This is the growth stage.
 
### Beta
The package includes usable tokens and code. This is the validation and testing phase.

### Stable
A package that is being confidently used in all verticals. This is the mature stage.

Commit message:

SEEDS-187 Change weight regular to weight normal

packages/seeds-docs/pages/package.md, after:

---
title: What is a Package?
layout: default
---

<p class="Typography-size--500">
A package is any collection of information, guidelines, code or resources centered around one theme. Packages contain everything you need to successfully style your work.
</p>

<hr>

## Example of a Package

 - Title
 - Overview
 - Examples
	 - Tokens
 - Usage
	 - Best Practices
	 - Content guidelines
	 - Accessibility
 - Resources
	 - Tools
	 - Downloads

### Overview
An overview is a brief summary of the package and it’s importance.

### Examples
Examples are a demonstration of a theme comprised of imagery or code (tokens).

### Tokens
Tokens are named entities that store visual design attributes.

Using our typography scale as an example, `Size 100` is a token that contains the visual design attributes `font-size` and `line-height`.

Naming things is hard, so defer to CSS properties and values. For example, tokens for font weight use `normal` and `bold`, not `regular` and `heavy`.

### Usage
A set of guidelines that help you use the contents of a package successfully in your work.

Here are some common ways to communicate usage to help you get started:

 - Visual Best Practices
 - Content Best Practices
 - Accessibility Best Practices
 - Dos and Don'ts

Imagery can be used to support usage guidelines when appropriate.

### Resources
Assets, tools, or other materials provided as part of a package to improve efficiency and support your everyday workflow.

## Stages
The completion of a package is defined by three stages, Alpha, Beta and Stable. To create a package you must submit at least an overview. Anything published to SEEDS is deemed trustworthy, as it has been peer reviewed and approved by a trusted panel of designers. Below are the different levels of a package's maturity and what they mean.

### Alpha
Exists in SEEDS. This is the growth stage.

### Beta
The package includes usable tokens and code. This is the validation and testing phase.

### Stable
A package that is being confidently used in all verticals. This is the mature stage.
